(Sitting up)
I am the one who embraces all
things.
I am the Guardian who is born
from the love that fills this
world.
I am Eternal...
(giggle)
Well, now... It seems that
someone is in a good mood today.
Did my little angel wake up from
having a nice dream,?
What was it about?
(curious)
Or is it something you can't
tell daddy, even if you wanted
to?
Hotaru...
I have come for you.
(Giggle)
The Flower of Nightmares
Scatters: The Queen of Darkness
Returns!
What a lovely day! (chuckle)
(deep inhale)
(Rei)
Usagi!
(curious)
Hurry up already!
We're gonna leave without you.
Coming!
(Laughter)
Whoa there! Why're you so
happy?
What's there not to be happy
about? (laugh)
I've always dreamed of wearing
the Juban High School Uniform
some day!
Also... I'm happy that I get to
go to the same school as you
guys again.
Isn't it wonderful?!
I've been waiting for when we'd
get to attend the same high
school
and it's finally happening,
Usagi!
I'm so happy, I could cry!
Minako...
I don't have to take makeup
exams alone now...
Yay, a fellow flunker...
Don't remind me...
(curious)
Those entrance exams sucked...
I still have nightmares.
Let's look at the bright side,
'cause now that those days are
finally over,
we get to have
some well-earned fun!
Why are you grouping yourself
with the others when you go to a
private school?
(surprised)
Yeah! You get to advance
without having to take any
entrance exams!
That's completely beside the
point! As one of your dearest
friends, your pain is my pain.
(Sigh)
(awkward laugh)
Anyway, let's talk about the
perks of being in high school...
Like how we'll get to have a lot
more time to ourselves.
And we can start working
part-time jobs, too.
Club activities and idol
auditions, better be ready...
cause here I come!
And best of all... you can
legally get married once you
turn sixteen.
Yeah, yeah...
(Diana)
Everyone!
Hm?
Sorry we're late.
Hi guys!
Hey, what's with the backpack,
Chibi-Usa? Are you going to a
sleepover?
(Chuckle)
Well? Ready to say goodbye to
everyone?
Yeah!
I, Small Lady, a. k. a. Usagi
Tsukino, will be leaving
today...
Back to the 30th century.
(surprised)
This blissful silence...
The world where even time and
light are frozen.
A world where my beauty lasts
for all eternity... Yes...
This is where I truly belong...
Awaken, Noble Queen...
Who's there?
It is such a waste to keep your
noble beauty here, deep within
the confines of this darkness.
Who would even dare have the
audacity to disturb my peaceful
slumber?
Let's just say I am someone who
has the power to grant your
wish.
My wish?
And now... I will free you from
this despicable seal that you
are imprisoned in.
You, what?!
(Surprised yell)
(Gasp)
I'm free...?
Time to go. I'm gonna miss you
guys a lot.
We'll miss you too.
Come visit again.
Please, Diana, make sure you
take care of Chibi-Usa.
Give our best to the King and
Queen, okay?
I hope you have a safe journey
back. Artemis, say
something, will ya?
Diana... (Sniffle into sobbing)
Father?
Good grief...
Chibi-Usa.
Yeah?
You have everything... right?
Uh huh.
You're welcome back any time.
mm hmm!
Bye guys... thanks for
everything!
O Guardian of Time! Tear apart
the heavens and open wide for me
the Door of Space and Time!
I summon thee by your true name,
O Omnipotent God of Time...
Father of the Guardian! ' O
Chronos!
Guide us on our journey! Protect
these travelers! Grant us the
Path of Light!
That light... what is it?
Noble Queen... I regret to
inform you that your revenge was
not fulfilled.
No... That can't be!
I swore I witnessed those two
fall to their deaths!
They can't be alive...
There is no possible way that's
true!
Oh, but it is.
What is it that you want?!
Did you interrupt my sleep
simply so you could bring shame
upon me like this?
Are you trying to say you would
have preferred to stay unaware?
Those who sealed you away in
this place are still very much
alive
and living in peace and
harmony.
You're telling me I couldn't
beat her...?
She has come out victorious
every time?
Oh... Poor, poor Queen of the
New Moon...
Your lovely black hair and
beautiful golden eyes should
have been enough to make
you the rightful queen to rule
that blue planet... but you
were denied that right.
Will you ever be able to forgive
those who condemned you to the
cold, lonely darkness?
I can only image how much you
despise the ones who left you
there.
The same people who now enjoy
love and happiness on Earth...
You hate them, don't you?
Yes...! I hate them with every
fibre of my being! Especially
her...
I hate her. I hate her! I hate
her! I hate her! I hate her!
I hate her!
What is this?
Do you not even recognize your
own heart, noble queen?
All your hatred and the grudges
you hold have crystallized into
that pitch-black mirror.
This is what my heart's
become...?
Go ahead... shatter that
mirror to pieces.
Then, you will finally be able
to exact your revenge on those
who wronged you.
My revenge...
And when the tiny fragments of
your mirror rain down...
fear and despair will begin to
spread across the Earth that
those of
the White Moon claim to love
so dearly.
Well... What are you waiting
for?
Break it. Break it. Break
it.
Shatter that mirror!
(roar)
(Sinister laugh)
And now I've made certain that
you will never awaken from this
nightmare ever again!
(sinister laugh)
I should get going. Huh?
Huh?
(Makoto)
A meteor shower...
(Minako)
It's so beautiful...
Wow, it's pretty rare to see
this many meteors.
(curious)
But this is too many...
Why is it giving me such a bad
feeling?
(light pain)
Mamo, what's wrong?
Some dust got in my eye.
Lemme see.
No, it's okay.
Pretty sure I got it out.
(surprised reax)
Something wrong?
Hey, ' let's make sure that
Chibi-Usa gets a nice send off.
(reluctant nod)
(Chibi-usa)
Ahhh!!!
What are these sparks?
Oh no...
Chibi-Usa!
What just happened?
I have no idea.
(Diana)
How are we supposed to
get home now?
I can't believe the pathway just
vanished...
Do you think all those meteors
have something to do with this?
Yeah, it's possible they could
have interrupted the energy
somehow.
I'm sure you'll be able to head
back once they stop.
Mako's right. So, don't worry.
(Chibi-usa)
Okay...
(pain)
You like this place, huh?
I actually find it to be quite
soothing. I could stare at
this view for hours.
Well, personally I think that
being behind the wheel is a lot
more soothing than this.
(chuckle)
Oh, you... I didn't mean the
fish.
(confused)
So, what'd you want to tell me?
Quite the meteor shower...
Yeah... Now that you
mention it...
Haruka... I was able to sense an
evil energy emanating from
somewhere near the moon
just a moment ago.
An enemy?
I'm not sure.
I only managed to catch a
glimpse of it.
Well maybe the energy got pulled
by Earth's gravity and broke
into a million pieces.
That's a bit too optimistic,
isn't it?
Look, all I'm trying to say is
that if your mirror wasn't able
to catch it,
then it's probably
nothing to worry about.
Are you avoiding your duties?
That's not what I'm doing.
When it comes to your skills...
I've got faith.
hmmmm.
They're gone.
Hm?
(Pain)
(concerned)
(surprise)
(pain)
Are you okay?
What's going on?
(Pain)
Haruka!
Something poked me.
Let me see your hand!
(wincing)
It looks like a shard
of glass...
(surprised)
Get away from that thing!
(cautious)
(laugh)
Who're you?!
(Shriek)
(Trembling)
(laugh)
It seems that even your mirror
manages to fog up sometimes,
huh?
This is not the time for
jokes...
My bad.
I feel it... The energy of
those of the White Moon...
Who's there?!
I will take down everyone who
has anything to do with the
White Moon Kingdom.
Prepare to die.
I am sensing an immense negative
energy here all of a sudden.
Now, attack them, my doubles! My
Mirror Paredri!
(attack)
(bracing)
Dead Scream.
(Pain)
What...?!
That attack is...
(Pain)
I don't believe it...
Sailor Pluto... Is that really
you?
What are you doing here?
There is an unprecedented
disturbance in the fabric of
space and time.
A disturbance?
Wait, is that child... Hotaru?
(Michiru)
What?!
I went to see Professor Tomoe
and asked to borrow her for a
while.
But why?!
Because the time is drawing
near...
...the time in which we will
need Hotaru's powers.
I'll explain later. There are
other more pressing matters at
hand.
(shocked)
No matter how hard we try, we
just can't avoid battle.
Of course not. Fighting is our
destiny!
Forgive me, little one. It's
too soon for you to fight.
Wait for us here.
Alright! Both of you,
transform!
Uranus Planet Power Make Up!
Neptune Planet Power Make Up!
(Laughter)
Answering the call from a new
era, Sailor Uranus, here to
fight with brilliance!
And Sailor Neptune... here to
fight with elegance!
Let's go.
(attack)
(grunt) There's no end to
them!
They just keep multiplying!
(Sinister laughter)
Damn!
(Struggle)
Uranus, no!
(screaming)
(Struggling)
This is... why I said to cut
back on those late night
snacks...
Why don't we save the pillow
talk for after we get back in
bed...
(Pluto)
Hotaru!
(Struggle) No, you mustn't hurt
that child!
(Laughter)
(gasp) Stay away from her!
(sinister laughter)
Hotaru!
No, don't!
Don't do it!
(Attacking)
(scream)
What is this energy...? It feels
so warm...
This is all Hotaru's energy
wave.
I feel power... overflowing
within.
They are making us stronger.
Yes, they are...
The birth of new powers...!
(Flinching)
We're not exactly sure who you
are...
(notice)
...but if you came to this
planet with bad intentions...
Then I am afraid we cannot allow
you to proceed.
World Shaking!
Deep Submerge!
Dead Scream.
Do you think they're a new
enemy?
Is there a crisis on the horizon
that required Saturn to be
reawakened?
Whatever it is, can't be good.
(surprised)
Impossible...
Is that you, Hotaru?
(Haruka)
But she was a baby just
a minute ago...
A great change is about to
happen...
(Hotaru)
If not stopped...
...the Princess will be in
danger.
The Princess?
Just what kind of threat are we
dealing with here?
And with that, all the pieces
have been put into place...
(evil laughter)
(Usuagi)
I just love spring
time...
(Mamoru)
The cherry blossoms have
bloomed.
(Usuagi)
Ooh! Ooh! You know what would be
the best? Partying under the
cherry blossoms!
(Usuagi)
We'll bring all the foods,
snacks and drinks, and then
we'll do some karaoke!
(Usuagi)
It'll be so much fun!
(Mamoru)
I think I'm gonna
pass...
(Usuagi)
Come on! Where's your party
spirit, Mamo?!
(Usuagi)
Next time on Sailor Stars,
"Saturn Awakens: The Ten Sailor
Guardians Unite."
(Usuagi)
The moonlight is a
messenger of love.